[Music]
this is a philosophical question if a
selfie gets posted and no one likes it
was it ever a selfie at all absolutely I
mean that hasn't happened to me so I
ever know yeah right real connection to
them but I do believe that it still is a
selfie of all your sisters which of them
do you think would be most likely to sue
you
Courtney Courtney white quarter
she is ruthless has she ever threatened
legal action against you maybe as a joke
oh they used her character in a video
game and I hate her so in a way she what
she did yeah when is the last time you
spoke with a telemarketer all the time
you take it when you see the phone the
number on the block now you block them
and then they call with a different
number mm-hmm but I think Kanye used to
be a telemarketer so I try to be nice is
that what I think so you know what let's
have a toast to telemarketers nobody
likes them but one of them came out of
it and got pretty famous you know never
know who's Holly you never know who's
calling great point
Sarek vodka the answer to all of life's
ridiculous questions and for a limited
time try sirok black raspberry Jimmy
Kimmel Live weeknights at 11:35
five central on ABC